FEMALE SPEAKER:
[INAUDIBLE] Upload 2.
Intro.
Take 1.
Marker.
ROB DODSON: Hey
there, Polycasters.
Rob here.
Welcome back to another segment
of "Ask Polymer," the show
where you send in questions
on the various social media
networks out there, and I
do my best to answer them.
Our first question comes
from Danger Manley,
who asks, for elements that
contain iron-ajax, how can we
mock their behavior?
So interesting question there.
web-component-tester itself
ships with a few clever tools
that can perhaps
help you out here.
The first is a function
called stub element,
and you can use that to
actually replace an element that
is inside of other elements.
You could say stub
element iron-ajax,
and then as the
second argument you
could pass in fake iron-ajax.
You can actually create
your own mock element
that'll swap in right before
it does the unit test.
That is one approach.
The other is to use something
like Sinon's fake XHR server.
So that also ships with
web-component-tester.
The sinon command
is there for you.
So you can create
a fake XHR server
and actually have it
send back fake responses.
And that way, you
don't have to spin up
a server yourself or anything
to feed your test data.
You can just use this
little mock server
and feed data to
iron-ajax that way.
So two options there.
If you're curious,
we actually have
a video that maybe goes a
little bit more into this.
It's from a talk
at Polymer Summit
by one of our team members.
So you can check
that out over here.
Our team member Chris, who
created the stub element stuff,
he actually gave a whole
talk on this stuff.
So go check that out
if you're interested.
Thank you, Danger, for
that awesome question.
Our next question
comes from Alan,
who asks, if I'm using
something like iron-list,
I'm scrolling through
thousands of items.
How do I know, how do I detect,
when the user has scrolled
to the bottom of the list?
So that is a very good question.
Today, it's a little
tricky to do that.
But the team is
building an element
called iron-scroll-threshold.
So you can combine that with
an iron-list, and that way,
use a little data
binding, and it'll
alert you when the user has
hit the bottom of the list.
That way, if you have a
million items in your list
but you only want to load
the first 100 at a time,
the user can scroll
down to that first 100,
and you can get
that binding event.
You can then go lazy load
another pack of 100 items
and sort of keep going that way.
You can build kind of a good
infinite scrolling experience.
So, yeah, using
iron-scroll-threshold--
I'll link it down
in the show notes--
and you can combine
it with your iron-list
and hopefully get that kind
of cool, smooth, infinite list
experience that you're after.
Our next question
comes from Cody,
who asks, how do I load
external JavaScript frameworks
into my components?
So this is sort of
a tricky bit here.
I think Cody was asking
how do I load, like, JQuery
into my element so I
can use it for selecting
stuff inside of my component?
In general, we
recommend not trying
to use things like JQuery inside
of your element definitions.
It creates two issues.
One, it means that anybody
using your component
is going to have to
also depend on JQuery.
But it also is tricky because
JQuery right now doesn't really
know how to work
with Shadow DOM.
And so you could end
up in weird situations
where you're trying
to select stuff
and it's not quite working
and it's not clear why.
So in general, we
recommend just sticking
with vanilla JavaScript
inside of your element
for speccing out its definition.
You can, however, depend
on external libraries that
do things like-- moment.js is a
good example of something that
converts timestamps for you,
things that aren't interacting
with the DOM necessarily.
You can load those in
using HTML imports.
You can create an import for
one of those libraries that
just contains a script tag
and pull it in that way.
So that's totally acceptable.
But frameworks that want to
manipulate the DOM, probably
want to stay away from using
those inside your element
definition.
So thank you, Cody,
for that question.
Our next question
comes from Tom,
who asks, what should
I keep in mind when
styling CSS for webcomponents?
So I think the main
thing to keep in mind
is you're working
with Shadow DOM.
And if you're not
familiar with it,
it can be sort of tricky because
it creates this sort of style
bubble around your components.
I think it's really
useful to learn
how to work with
custom properties
and how to work
with CSS mix-ins.
Both of those are features which
Polymer uses pretty heavily
to allow you to jump over
shadow boundaries and style
the internals of
components without having
to violate encapsulation
and know what's going
on there internally directly.
So if you're not familiar with
those things that I just said,
if that just sounded like
a bunch of crazy words,
you can go check out
this guide over here
that we've created on how you
style the Shadow DOM, which
we actually sometimes
referred to as "local Dom,"
so the guide is
Styling Local DOM.
You can go check that out.
That'll explain
custom properties.
That'll explain CSS mix-ins
and a lot of the things
that you need to keep in mind
when you're trying to style
your first webcomponents.
So thank you, Tom,
for that question.
The last question comes
from Alos, who-- he actually
asked a lot of questions.
But he asked, when are
carbon elements coming,
and when will we get
ES6 with Polymer?
So carbon elements, we're
still working on those.
We don't have a definitive
release date for that just yet.
But we're hoping maybe in
the next one or two quarters,
those should start to roll out.
ES6 in Polymer, that's
something that I think we
really want to
work on this year.
We want to make
sure that everyone
can write their component
definitions using
all the latest and
greatest ES6 syntax.
So within the team,
we are actually
working on some tools which
we're hoping to release, again,
probably in the next
couple of quarters
to let people start to use
ES6 with their component
definitions.
So I know it's sort of a bummer
to say it's coming, wait on it.
But this is stuff that we're
actively working on right now.
We just finished a
bunch of meetings
talking about both
of these topics,
so look forward to more on
both of those fronts in 2016.
So thank you everybody who sent
in questions-- lots of really
great things this week.
If you out there,
if you yourself,
you've got some
questions for me,
you can leave them down
below in the comments,
or you can ping us on a social
network of your choosing
at #AskPolymer.
As always, thank you
so much for watching,
and I'll see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
A lot of good questions today.
Thank you everyone who
sent in some stuff-- what?
Why is everybody laughing?
[BEEPING]
FEMALE SPEAKER: Take 2.
ROB DODSON: Thank you all
who sent in some stuff--
[BEEPING]
Sorry.
FEMALE SPEAKER: Take 3.
[BEEPING]
ROB DODSON: Special
Agent Cody Weaver
sounds like a cool
detective name.
[LAUGHTER]